[libc++] Introduce _LIBCPP_COMPRESSED_ELEMENT (#134253)
llvm/llvm-project: libcxx/docs/ReleaseNotes/22.rst

  ``_LIBCPP_ABI_NO_ITERATOR_BASES``. If you are using this flag and care about ABI stability, you should set
  ``_LIBCPP_ABI_NO_REVERSE_ITERATOR_SECOND_MEMBER`` as well.

- The internal types ``__map_value_compare``, ``__tuple_leaf``, ``__unordered_map_hasher``, ``__unordered_map_equal``,
  ``__hash_map_hasher`` and ``__hash_map_equal`` have been refactored to use ``_LIBCPP_COMPRESSED_ELEMENT`` instead of

>   potentially inheriting from the types they wrap. At this point in time we are not aware of any ABI breaks this causes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  potentially inheriting from the types they wrap. At this point in time we are not aware of any ABI changes caused by this.
```
